hey guys what is up the new cubist here
and welcome to my ultra secret
underground base entrance tutorial and a
little bit of a bass tutorial I'll show
you how I build mine so the only thing
really you're going to need to find is a
cave in a wall or underground kind of
like this one and then you're going to
need a lava bucket just one of them two
signs at least two water buckets you
maybe will use them you maybe not will
use them you're going to need maybe some
stone to cover up some mistakes you make
some smooth stone preferably and a torch
to light up things so let's go ahead and
find a good place in the wall so no
one's really going to suspect that a
random piece of lava is going to you
know cover a base but anyways go and
break out a block where you want your
lava source to go kind of make it look
natural and then pick a spot where you
want your entrance space let's do mine
right here and then how you do the
entrance is you go ahead and just put a
sign then another sign so you have two
signs and then there's one space in the
middle that's where you put your water
and then go ahead and dig that down and
as you can see I already dug a little
bit of room out here so you will kind of
have a room to go to and then I'll show
you how to do a really cool thing and
then go ahead and place your lava right
there and so as this is flowing I will
just kind of explain
there's no way someone's going to jump
in lava to see if it's your base there's
just no way unless someone has an x-ray
text back and they're cheating in which
case they're going to find any secret
entrance especially one above ground
like the sliding ones so now that we
have it there remember which block you
did it on so we did ours right here it's
going to kind of jump on to it it will
not kill you the water will put you out
and now you are underground so to
demonstrate it not killing you I'm going
to go ahead and go and survival and do
that real quick so let me fly back out
and I'll be back in a second alright so
remembering which block you dug out it
being this one right here go ahead and
jump into the middle of it and just kind
of float your way and it will not kill
you or almost kill you but it won't kill
you for not at full health I would not
recommend jumping into it so if you want
to make that a little bit easier you can
just kind of expand it out with more
signs make it too wide three wide
whatever you really want to do so I'm
going to go back into creative get some
materials and show you how to do a
really cool underground base be right
back
alright so I've dug out a little bit of
a cubed room down here and this is the
most aesthetically pleasing design I
have may
and I've been making for a while but if
you want functionality just leave it
like this at chess on the walls crafting
table furnaces and chanting rooms
whatever you want start by placing
stairs like this on the top and bottom
and then make you go all the way around
like that and same with these stairs and
with these stairs and right here you can
just kind of leave that open and I'd
recommend leaving that open too and then
go ahead and place stone brick wherever
you can see the stone like this so just
in all the walls in this instance not
sure how I'm doing this and on the
ceiling we will leave that to a future
job in a moment and so on the corners go
ahead and do your oak logs so that they
kind of feel like they flow with the
whole design and give the structure some
support so it doesn't collapse it on
itself and kill the user I wouldn't
really happen this isn't that realistic
and on the ground you could do a
whatever kind of flooring I guess I'm
gonna go with let's actually do a wood
now let's do a stone brick floor like
this oh no it got dark yeah I had to
turn off shaders because it was so dark
in here you can go with the stone brick
floor you could do like a could do like
that on the roof I don't know something
and then have a stair there and then
have this here really wanted to
something cool like that and then you
can just go ahead and get some crafting
tables and you know all your essential
things let me just kind of throw out all
this for a moment here and actually let
me grab grab the leaves back the oak
wood leaves and the log the oak log let
me get that real quick sorry I'm taking
so long and then some Jaclyn's and we'll
do a really cool lighting system so
let's do it in the front right here or
actually the back of that buddy is yes
so go ahead just do your oak wood like
that and then make it where the
jack-o'-lanterns are sideways and then
go and just place your blocks back and
then add your leaves gives kind of a
covered light source and it gives off a
decent amount of light so I just go
ahead and cover the cover
up that all that's all coming from there
see not from above here in your little
lava entrance so now that we're in here
let's go ahead just do some chess so if
you don't like that you'd rather have
some chess go ahead just break it why
not grab some chess I mean who does not
love chests and put them right there and
there and your crafting tables and then
you can do a furnace over here just kind
of break a stair and then place it and
then let's actually do a little bit of
flower pot here I think that would look
good so let's go ahead and grab a pot
just a little bit of pot and a flower so
what shall the flower of today be let's
do a blue orchid sounds good and then
you could just kind of grab another
stair and throw it upside down let the
orchid on it and there I go and you know
you guys can add your own enchanting
room down here whatever you want and
again this does not look like a place
where you would be keeping a secret
underground base honestly this just
looks like a random cave with you know
some lava coming out of it but then you
go down here and boom it's a nice
underground base if you guys liked the
tutorial go ahead and leave a like leave
a thumbs up leave me a comment tell me
how you liked this space tell me if you
used it if you used it you know guys
follow me on twitter you know send me a
tweet be like yo I use this you know
somebody screenshot or whatever I'll
take a look at it retweet it if I like
it all that good stuff remember
subscribe I do a lot of really cool
tutorials like this and more and yeah I
shall see you guys later goodbye